[Autogenerated] in the short clip will look at closing applications.
If you're long time Windows user, you're very familiar with the title bar,
and it's important tools, including the ex,
to close your application.
So for those using Windows 10 devices in desktop mode,
you'll find that this continues to be the most
practical way to close your applications.
The Windows 10 has a lot of features that really are designed to work
well with touch screen displays and another clip.
We're going to look closer at the idea of tablet mode,
but basically a touchscreen display with Windows 10
will normally run in tablet mode,
which changes the way that open applications work on your device.
When your touch screen devices in the default tablet mode,
you'll find that you can simply swipe down from the top of the screen.
Your finger will catch the app that happens to be open,
and as your finger travels down the screen,
the apple shrink.
And if you continue to drag it all the way to the bottom of the screen,
you'll see it moves to the task bar.
At this point, the APP will close if you release your finger.
So with touchscreen devices.
Closing an application is simply a matter of Dragon from the
top of the display all the way to the bottom,
and that app will be closed.
Now,
if you have multiple APs visible on your display just swept
down where the app that's open happens to be,
make sure your finger catches that app to drag it down and close it.
In this clip.
We've looked at closing applications. Thanks for watching, and I look forward to seeing you in the next clip.